fix(monitor): do not include outputs when monitors are supported (#2485)
polybar/polybar: CHANGELOG.md

  ([`#2367`](https://github.com/polybar/polybar/issues/2367))
- Warning message regarding T@ in bspwm module
  ([`#2371`](https://github.com/polybar/polybar/issues/2371))

> - `polybar -m` hides physical outputs covered by monitors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `polybar -m` shows physical outputs, even if they are covered by monitors
```

Author: Hum, no, previously, `polybar -m` was showing them, now it is hiding it. `polybar -M` is unchanged.

Reviewer: Yes, we generally want to describe what was broken. But maybe being more explicit is clearer here:

```suggestion
- `polybar -m` used to show both physical outputs and randr monitors, even if the outputs were covered by monitors.
```
